CS4550 Web Dev, Fall 2017.

HW06 status report form.

Please answer the following questions and submit the filled-in file to Bottlenose.


1. What's your name?
Ryan Hughes


2. What's the link to your Github repo's releases page?

https://github.com/ryanhugh/microblog/releases

3. What's the link to your deployed Microblog app?

microblog.courseboard.io


4. Did you successfully deploy? If not, what doesn't work?
Yes


5. Did you successfully implement passwords securely? If not, what doesn't work?
Yes

6. Did you successfully implement admin users? What paths are admin-only? What paths
   are accessible to all users.

Nope. I did LetsEncrypt, Tags, Mentions, and Markdown for the Additional Tasks section 5 pts each. (20pts total). 

7. What changes did you make to clean up your application layout and navigation?

I cleaned up some of the bootstrap code and made it so when the user goes the homepage and is not logged in it makes them log in. 


8. Did you complete any catch up tasks? Which ones? Is there anything still not working
   about those features?

 Nope. All of the items mentioned in the Catch-Up tasks worked. 


9. Did you complete any additional tasks? Which ones? For each, describe how it should
   work and how that differs from your deployed functionality.

 I did LetsEncrypt, Tags, Mentions, and Markdown for the Additional Tasks section 5 pts each. (20pts total)


LetsEncrypt:

1. The entire site is https. It will redirect you to https if you visit it in http. The certificate is issued with LE.
2. Tags. When you make a post you can #tag something. This will be highlighted when you view the list of posts. You can click this tag to see just te posts with this tag.
3. Mentions. When you make a post you can @mention someone. This will be highlighted when you visit the list of posts. You can click this to go to the user's page.
4. Markdown. You can add markdown to the posts and it will be formatted in the list of posts. 


A. Did you complete any bonus addtional goals for extra credit? For each, describe how
   it should work and how that differs from your deployed functionality.

Nope.

B. Is there any other useful information that you want to provide for grading?


Nope.
